---
layout:     post
title:      Unlike you
category: blog
description: 
---



I was wondering all the way back when I came across him in the dinning room. In fact we met each other the day before .I didn't recognize him at first because he'd made his hair as a bad boy's. However , anyway, whatever he was like, I'd always know his special way of walking. Yes, it was him, I firmly believe what I saw.

This evening he was wearing a black suit with an MP3 on in his ears. He seems taller than before .I remember three years ago he was no taller than me. But now , he is over 1.70cm and looks handsome .I know it the same time I know the one he used to be has disappeared.

He was my first love in middle school. We were classmates. He was important at that time and even now, for my dreams of him are telling me about the pain I am suffering from when I left him. He was a responsible monitor at that time and did well in studies. Innocent and responsible , he became part of my life.

We departed about a year after we met. At that time I was busy with my study, which meaned I had to give up something .After I left  him, he sighed and changed a lot, which I could do nothing with. We were silent from then on.

Now we are in the same school but in different classes. He chose liberal arts and I decided to learn science. We are even more far away. From what he wears I know he has given up his life as a country boy and tried to become modern. I have no rights to make any comments ,for he does what he thinks is right. All I can do is wishing that he will make his life better 
