---
layout:     post
title:      The fragementary rose
category: blog
description: 
---



A blooming rose was smashed and deserted in the garden by hr owner on Valentine’s Day. She sighed for a moment, thinking he* **scinating figure that convinced all the people who saw it to believe that she was the most beautiful rose in the world.” so why did she desert me? I was so beautiful, everyone could see that!” she said to herself, just at that time, she was taken away by a gust of wind. The story began a long long time ago, before the poor rose was born. The owner found herself falling in love with someone. He was so smart and understanding. To her excitement, she was one of the most important persons in his life. However, he’d got a girlfriend and she deeply knew that. She just kept on giving and never wanted to speak out her true feelings towards him. She thought, ”let time pass by and I will be able to forget him.” The rose was flying in the air, seeing her owner counting her memories _she smiled. Storms are always around people, including him. Just months before Valentine’s Day, his girlfriend said goodbye to him and he soon got lost in the thoughts of her. She saw that, feeling a pain in her heart, but she knew that she could do nothing. Since then, she went to his office more often in their spare time. Meanwhile, she was still working hard on her job and trying to forget him. The wind stopped, the rose fell down right on her owner’s shoulder. She felt obliged to ask for the reason, so she started, “Why did you cut me into pieces, my dear owner? You bought me on Valentine’s Day; you should give me to your love. And shared a happy time with him, instead of smashing me and being alone!”“All right, dear. It is natural that you ask me those questions. But you know, I have the right not to do that.”“But why?”“You are too young, dear. I did that just because I wanted to forget him, when you really meet someone you love but you can’t stay with him, you will understand what I am thinking about now!” “But you shouldn’t buy me at all! Now, you see, I’m unable to be in the flower vase. Also, I can’t see my figure in the sun. It’s all because of you!”“But you are free now, aren’t you? Wind will take you away and you will see more about you or about life. it’ll add color to your life, won’t it ?…love is just like that, when you fall in love with someone, it’s just like staying in the vase. If the vase is too small or too big you won’t be happy. If someday you are sure to leave him, the more you depend on him, the sadder you’ll be on departure. So I chose not to love him and be free, just like you.”The rose stopped, she felt she’d known a lot from her owner though she was quite new to the whole thing. The wind flowed, taking her away. In the wind, she saw her owner smiling .she guessed she must have thought of him. ”Well, I’m leaving now getting to know more about life.” she said to herself.
